Morgan Bevell  0:21  
Hello, hey, Morgan,

Rajiv Menon  0:27  
how are you

Morgan Bevell  0:28  
great? How are you

Rajiv Menon  0:31  
doing? Well, doing well.

Morgan Bevell  0:33  
How was your father's day? It

Rajiv Menon  0:35  
was great, actually. Thanks for asking. Yeah, my son was kind enough to let me beat him at tennis. He's, he's almost, he's almost 16, so he's, he's actually a tough challenger.

Morgan Bevell  0:47  
Well, awesome. Sounds like he had a

Rajiv Menon  0:49  
good day. I did have a good day. Yes, what about you do? Did you have any plans this weekend? Yeah,

Morgan Bevell  0:55  
we, my dad was actually in town, and so we got to hang out. He just bought a boat, so we went out on the boat a little bit, and just kind of all hung out as a family. So that was really fun.

Rajiv Menon  1:10  
Yeah, that sounds fun. Not as much fun as Nick. He managed to get sick. He's got the flu, and now he's recovering, so, oh no,

Morgan Bevell  1:17  
I'm so sorry,

Rajiv Menon  1:20  
but he did have fun before that, right? Nick, you were at a water park, was it?

Nicholas Massie  1:24  
So it's like a obstacle course, but it's on water. So, you know, think about those game shows. Yeah, you're gonna fall in the water a lot, you know. So it was fun, but it was also my demise. But either way, it's nice to meet you, Morgan. Finally, I've heard a lot about

Rajiv Menon  1:45  
Yeah, yeah. I mean, we had a few meetings. Nick and I to work through some of the estimates and good conversations. We're excited to work on this project. Nick's, of course, are I didn't introduce him, so let me do that first. Nick is our AI architect, so he's been with informulate now for what is it? Nick, five years, four years, six years,

Nicholas Massie  2:09  
headed into six, but firmly five. Yeah,

Rajiv Menon  2:13  
fine, yeah, at least five. And over the last three years, he's been very engaged on the AI side of things, and of course, he's our lead developer and lead architect on air, which, of course, you know about. So he's the guy who made all the major architecture decisions on air, and he's done a great job on that, so wanted to get him on this project, since this is an AI first project, and we've had some great conversations. We've got some estimates to share with you today, but I'll let Nick kind of introduce himself if you want to add anything more to that introduction. Nick,

Nicholas Massie  2:54  
that was a wonderful introduction. Yeah, I would say that all I think about is AI. It's kind of a blessing to be able to just focus on that space, because about every three months, everything changes, and the frameworks and rules that you think about change. And so when we're building applications, is not just about building it the first time. It's about like anticipating things to change and future proofing it. New capabilities continuously come out. So it's a very dynamic environment. You're not in stable ground in that sense. And so, you know, my job is to keep up with the Joneses there, and it's fun. As far as your project goes, I think this is a wonderful use case and a lot of cool things we can do. So I am excited to get started

Rajiv Menon  3:55  
cool and of course, Nick, I've told you about Morgan and her background and how the idea has evolved over the last three months, and everything like that. So you have the context, but Morgan, feel free to add anything to that, just so we get to know each other a little bit.

Morgan Bevell  4:11  
Yeah, well, I'm Morgan. I'm the founder of Bevell advocate, which is my nonprofit, and we work with families with kids with disabilities and help connect them to resources. A lot of what we do is on the educational front, so attending IEP meetings and helping the parents kind of navigate the special education space and feeling confident with that. And what we've been working on with Rajiv is creating this app, I'm sure you know about it, but to kind of help bridge the gap, especially like over the summer with those when regression tends to happen with these kids not being in school and routines change, or even throughout the school year, a lot of these families have to hire outside tutors, or the service time in school is just not enough, and so we're hoping to be able to kind of create this curriculum, this engaging, fun game system that can kind of keep building on their progress that they're making, and get them closer to their full potential. So

Rajiv Menon  5:23  
yep, and Morgan, remind me again. So Bevell advocate is a nonprofit? Is the adapted also going to be a nonprofit? Or is that a for profit? It's

Morgan Bevell  5:36  
going to be for profit. It's going to be a most likely a B Corp,

Rajiv Menon  5:40  
perfect, okay, because that's what I remember talking about. But Sean, so that's going to be a separate entity, right? New entity. That's great, perfect. Yep, makes sense? Because, yeah, I do believe that you have the opportunity to scale faster here. That's the whole purpose of this. And with a nonprofit, your fundraising is going to be limited to a certain demographic on investors, whereas with a for profit and a B Corp, you have access to both. So that's that's really good. Cool. All right. So Well, without further ado, let's get into where we are today and what the numbers look like. Mostly good news. Let me share my screen

Morgan Bevell  6:23  
my favorite kind of news. Yeah.

Rajiv Menon  6:25  
So I'll start with the easy part, which is okay, so the number at the high level is 111 which is, well, in a sense, it's a it's a number that I shot for because I excluded certain features that would have pushed us past it, and I've left out some of the things that would have made us go beyond that. I was shooting for something around the 110 mark, because we want to leave like 40, 50k I think I told you, 75k possible for the support and the ongoing rollout, and you want to drip some new features in based on the feedback too, because if you don't appear responsive to your early users, they're they're going to drop off. So you want to add some new games, and you want to leave some room for that. If you want to launch with something that is immediately delivering value and is engaging with some engagement. So that's kind of where we are. So I'll just walk through the estimate next. Nick's still recovering, so I'm going to leave his voice alone for now. So let's start with the top so this is just, here's a project plan too, actually. So here's a project plan. It's like a four month project with a single developer involved. I'm the PE, the project executive on this. I'll be overseeing the project. This is Nick as the tech lead on that project. He's going to make all the architecture decisions, and he's going to be working with you on a weekly basis to I'll be in the weekly meetings too, but Nick will be facing interfacing with you on the external side, as well as the developer and the QA on the internal side to make sure that everything gets done. So he's like a combination of technical architect as well as project manager as well as, you know, the business analyst. That's how we structure our teams here. The developers, of course, focus primarily on development, and then you got the QA person that's going to be testing the features to make sure that they are what we expect them to be. We did not deploy an offshore dev here, because it is the way that we have the product built today. Each page is very different, right? And we only deploy offshore resources if there is something obviously, we're all about quality, and we don't think that offshore developers are able to do the innovation that we want, and especially in the AI side of things, cutting edge things, we don't deploy offshore resources that much because it's actually very new space for a lot of people to keep up with. That said, there's a certain use case for offshore where it works pretty well, which is like, Hey, if you had one game and you want to replicate it like 20 times, and you had to copy paste the same page with 90% of some same code. That's a great use case for offshore, but you don't have that because we're doing it dynamically. We're regenerating the same page dynamically. So it's not a use case for offshore. So unfortunately, we couldn't save any money on the offshore development there. But on the plus side, the architecture itself is where you're saving a lot of money because you're generating, you know, dozens of games from a single grid. So we only have four game pages, active game pages, and they're fed by different as you upload new documents, you yourself will be creating the games, and we'll just suck it right in and be able to deploy a new game and a new version of the game. So I'll talk through how that works you, and I already talked about it, but I'll walk through it one more, once more, just to be clear about what we're talking about there, but that's the team composition and the timeline. So let's talk about the features that we have. Oh, I didn't talk about the phases. So we'll go into detailed requirements here in the first week, just to dot the i's and cross the T's. We have high level requirements done, but we want specific wire frames and things like that to be drawn up. That'll be what will happen there. We do want to design this with a game designer, potentially, and we want the look and feel as well as you want to have the architecture and design decisions made during that piece. That's what that week is for. And then we have the setup phase where we're setting up the environments, the server environment, the local environment, the local environment where development is going to happen, setting up the code base for the first time, all of that, and then the development starts. The first sprint is three weeks long, because that's our first sprint. Gotta do more work there. Then it's every two weeks you'll see a demo. So you have three sprints planned, and at the end of each sprint, there will be a demo of what was accomplished in that sprint. And then we have two weeks of internal QA, which would be our team testing it. And then at this point, UAT, you would get your hands on it, and you can take it end to end. Of course, you're getting a chance to do our whole structure is based on front loading risk and getting early feedback as much as possible. So our first loop of feedback is right now. So when I go through the feature list, you're giving us feedback on the feature list. Then when we go through requirements, you'll get a chance to give detailed feedback on something that hasn't been developed yet. Same thing with design, you'll get to give feedback on the design. Then with Sprint one will demo the features you don't get access to do it yourself because it's only partially built, but we'll show you a demo of how this thing works. We'll front load the game interfaces first, because that's where the complication is, and then we'll get your feedback on that. Then we'll go build the easier features, which is like registration, profile, that kind of stuff is easier to do, so we'll do that later, right? So we do the hard things first. That's our attitude, and I think that's been critical factor in our success with projects, is we don't keep the hard things to the end and then discover that, oh, we're off. We're off by whatever, on budget and things like that. You want to make the hard things happen early so that you can react to that situation and plan appropriately. All right, so that's an overview of the project. Of course, the last two weeks here are launch and support. So we are able to launch and support. We will want you to do things in parallel, so we'll talk about that afterwards. But we want you to start working on the marketing. We want you to start working in parallel on getting pre registrations, and that's why I asked you some of those questions that I did ask you, so we can have you continue to move in parallel on the other things. So by the time we launch in four months, you've got pre registrations ready, you know? And then when we launch, we have a bunch of users ready to go. All right, any questions on the timeline before I get into the weeds here? Nope, sounds great, perfect. All right, so here's the breakdown. I haven't gone into a terrific level of detail. We'll do we can do that after but at the high level, this is kind of a technical side of things, so you can pretty much nothing there. That's excuse me for a second. Let me disconnect this here. Okay, perfect. So this is just a technical side of things, so nothing super valuable for you to react to. You got to log in and registration piece. So as you send the link out to people, parents will look at the landing page, which, again, will be a marketing thing that you would have to set up. Once they come in from the marketing page to registration, that's where we our code will pick up, and they will, you know you can put in all the information you want, first name, last name, credit card information, setting up their profile and everything like that. There's a forgot, forgot password feature, feature, of course, which you need. They will then create their ad child and upload their IEP and the details there related to the child and the onboarding survey that you talked about with the, you know, focus areas, areas of focus and all that. And we will save all this in the database to match them to exercises. Or, you know, in some cases, we're matching them to games. In other cases, we're generating a game based on the profile that we have right correct. And then the dashboard is pretty simple. There's nothing much on that page. We're trying to keep it simple in terms of budget. We just have a welcome message, a quick note on here's what we know about you so far, some summary of what, what, where you are today, and what you're focusing on, and then some options and what to do next. You could say, launch one of those four games, right? So we have the bingo game, the snakes and ladders game, or you want to call it something else, we can definitely rebrand it, but it's like a journey based game. So go up and move three spaces, you hit something, you move back X number of spaces, or whatever. As long as the structure is maintained, we can deal with it the that is pretty simple on that. So those are the four games you have, and the level will be set based on your IEP. That's that's basically it, oh, that's also the first place that you'll see the mascot. So as soon as you log in, the mascot will welcome you and provide some instructions, and we will need to load up information on the mascot in terms of, you know we need. We'll structure this document for you that will say, hey, mascot. On day one, you need to send these kinds of messages. Day two, you need to send these kinds of messages. Maybe you do things like, I'm going to add it here, but remembering the kid's birthday or something like that. I whatever you think would make it engaging and fun in there. We may not be able to do all the features, but definitely think about because this is the real piece that separates just a boring, you know, like Khan Academy, for example, right?

Rajiv Menon  16:19  
It's not, it's not bad, but it's very academic focused. Correct? Is the piece where we can create your brand a little bit, and you can create the persona that will engage the child, and, you know, talk about, you know, based on the time of the year. You can talk about certain things based on the location. You can talk about certain things whatever you think is going to make it something that people will relate to, right? So location based, we can do things location based, season based, anything else that you feel we want to have messaging that's appropriate,

Morgan Bevell  17:01  
even like the time of day, like whether they're saying good morning or Yeah, Peter,

Rajiv Menon  17:07  
yeah, absolutely anything that the computer knows, we can, you know, Send messaging that's appropriate to that. Okay. Okay, of course, at a default we're going to have the help documents, and you can ask questions about the help and you can ask questions about how you're progressing. Potentially, that may not be something we do in phase one, but in the future phases, we can say, like, how am I doing overall? Like, I mean, you know, Bill, you started at such and such date, and you progressed so far and this and that, and you can provide feedback on that front, you're making great progress. And, you know, focus on these areas to continue to improve. Blah, blah, blah. So there's things we can add that'll be smarter and smarter as time goes on. But if you want to think about for phase one from a simplistic perspective, I think, what are the things that we can do? I mean, the school calendar is a good one, right? So it's a weekend like, you know, you could even ask questions, right? What are you doing on the weekend? What are your hobbies? And you could save that information for future retrieval, that would allow you to engage. So there's many options there, and that's kind of what we did with air, right? So we asked people why they want to be an entrepreneur, and then we echoed that back to them to say, hey, remember when things get tough, you know? Hey, remember, you're falling behind on your task. Remember why you started this? This is why you wanted to do it, come back and re engage. Blah, blah, blah, you know, right? You

Rajiv Menon  18:47  
want to be careful too, right? Because there is a danger here of certain risky things happening, especially if you're having these conversations and the AI kind of goes off the rails. So we would want to provide some guidelines as well. So I'm going to add that here that's would be your responsibility to create a guidelines document that puts guard rails on what the AI is able to talk about, and, more importantly, not about,

Rajiv Menon  19:28  
we can provide some guidance on that, but you can, you know, you can certainly be a lot more stringent if you wanted, in terms of The guidelines that we use to engage with the child. Okay, so that's the dashboard and the mascot piece, and then the first game is Bingo. As we talked about, it's a three by three or four by four square. You can go horizontal, vertical or diagonal to complete the challenge. If you get something wrong, like if you're going across, you got the first one right, you got the second one wrong. Now you can't go on that line anymore. You can go down, or you can go diagonal. So you try to answer those two. There's a little bit of thinking involved there, and I don't know it's already too advanced for some of the special needs kids here. Or should we have something even smaller, like a two by two and or whatever it might be, right? So we can certainly tweak that concept stays the same. We can generate those squares and the challenges for math. So I have levels here, in my opinion, but certainly this is your call, starting with addition, which is just numbers, like, what is two plus two, three plus four, that kind of stuff to double digits and things like that, and then subtraction, then you have verbal addition, like you have a word problem for addition, word problem for subtraction, then multiplication, then division, then verbal multiplication, then verbal division. Yeah,

Morgan Bevell  20:58  
that's great,

Rajiv Menon  20:59  
all right. And of course, everything they do is tracked. Now in phase one, I'm not assuming that the stuff we track is accessible. So if you look down here, I've just stopped right there because we ran out of budget. But a lot of reporting that we can do, and we can say current state you're here, and future state you're there, and some of the continuous improvement things and how many times they logged in. We'll save all that data information in the database, but we're not showing it back up on the screen in a rich way, right? So the tracking and stuff like that is happening, but we will add those features later once. I think the core thing here we're testing out one of our another piece of our philosophy is, what is the biggest question you're trying to answer? What is the biggest learning you're trying to get from an MVP? Right? And at the first thing that people are looking for is, Do the kids engage with the app itself? And then the reporting and stuff only comes into play after people have engaged with it for a while. So the first question you got to ask is, do the kids engage? Have you created something that they are willing to do and learn from, and do the parents see value in what we're doing for the kids? So if, if we're able to have the kids complete a number of challenges, and we can run the reports on our end, because we can, we have access to the database, you can see that they're engaging or not engaging, and based on the analytics, we can react to it, and we want to leave some budget to respond to how we want to make it more engaging, or if they're already really engaged, that's great. Then we go ahead and build the analytics piece, but you want to leave that budget, because we don't know until we finish the first phase, right? All right. So that's, that's the first game, math bingo, and then Matt snakes and letters, or some journey based thing. It could be a five by five, you know, squares, and a certain number of squares, let's say eight squares have certain special things in there, like you go forward or you go back, kind of thing. And then as you go higher up the levels, things get a little bit more difficult. The first levels are easier. Future levels are harder. And in order for you to roll a die, you need to answer the question. But if you've been on a square, I just put in that rule. I don't know if it's accurate or not, but if you've been on a square and you've rolled the die for that particular square already, and you're back on that square, you don't need to answer that question again. It would be a fixed question. So you would just go to the next one, right? So as you go up, you and if you come back down, you don't need to re answer everything on the way back up, right? I just made it a little bit easier, so that you're not going to be stuck in an infinite loop over there. Yes, all right, so that's, that's Snakes and Ladders map, right? So that's, that's also auto generated, uh, pretty much, you know that's this is something you don't need to do anything for, because we can generate stuff. The only place actually we do need our help on would be the reading ones, right? So if you can give us certain scenarios, we can change the number, right? If you tell us Tommy had 10 apples and Mary had five apples, how many apples do they have together? Well, we can always change those numbers and we can change the names. That's easy to do, right? That that's one easy problem. But if there are other types of problems, word problems, that you want to get into, you would need to give us a format for that, that we can fill in and change the names and the numbers.

Morgan Bevell  24:35  
Okay? For math, like word problems,

Rajiv Menon  24:39  
math, word problems is what I'm talking about now, okay, and we can work together. When we get to the detailed requirements, we'll give you a format that you just fill in the blanks, and we will suck it into the AI, okay, all right, so that's the math side that's easier than the reading side, because for the reading side, this is the part where you will need to upload individual, you know, kind of comprehension test. Now you could do, I don't know what's the best way to do this, but now AI is capable of generating stories, and AI is capable of generating questions and answers to those stories. But there's a little bit of a risk here, right? And we can think about this in one of two ways. One is, if you wanted to be really risk averse, you would not let AI generate stories. You may say that, you know, I don't know what kind of words it's going to come up with, what kind of story it's going to come up with, and even if, and even if you provide some guidelines, it may say or do something that might be inappropriate, or use a word in a way. And nowadays, you know, people are pretty sensitive to certain words, and you can't even use the word master bedroom anymore because Master implies slave and that kind of stuff. So there are certain things that we got to be careful about. So the option is, we, if we're risk averse, then you would have to upload individual, you know, segments text, and you can have different questions generated from that text. So we can generate, if you give us the paragraphs of text, we can generate questions and answers based on that paragraph of text, right? So single paragraph you could generate, you know, probably a dozen or so questions in different types, if you tell us that question types and how to generate those questions. So you and I will you and Nick specifically, will need to generate prompts that will be unique to those types of tests. So it's about prompt engineering at that point. And Nick is really good, so you just need to give him the general ideas. He knows exactly how to write the prompt in a way that would allow us to reuse the same paragraph multiple times. Does that make sense? Yeah. And then, of course, you can have several paragraphs too, and you don't want to repeat the same paragraph until you've gone through all the paragraphs at that level. So we'll need to categorize them by level and and then by the type of question you're asking. And there might be now here's the part where verbal comprehension could also come into play. Is you can use AI to replace certain words with synonyms of those words to make them more complicated, right? There's so I'm trying to figure out, how do you do the least amount of work and get the maximum bang for the buck for the content that you're creating? So I'm trying to keep your original creation low workload to be minimum. Math is taken care of pretty much. We just need to tweak it a little bit. But the word stuff is where content will need to be created and you can't. You can't. If you take other people's content, then you gotta give them credit for those stories and things like that. So which is why I feel like that's going to be a workload for you. Does that make sense? Yeah, all right. So then, as you upload these comprehension tests, then AI can use your best practices to generate questions and answers. And because it's aI that's generating the questions and answers, the mascot can give you specific answers on, hey, why is the answer like this? Well, it was AI that voted in the first place, so it's going to give you a pretty good answer on why that is that way. And of course, we can have aI speak at that at the verbal level of the child, right? So if we know the age of the child, we know the verbal ability of the child, and AI can tone down how they speak based on which level you're at Awesome. That's one of the reasons I was recommending AI. Like, you can't do all this stuff outside of AI,

Morgan Bevell  28:46  
for sure. Yeah. You

Nicholas Massie  28:48  
know, it's funny, because a lot of times what I'm doing when I study, like, a new, hard concept or something, I'll go to AI and say, explain this to me like, I'm five, yeah, that's how I start. So, yeah, I

Morgan Bevell  29:02  
don't know if this is a question for now or later, but do you know, like, how many like reading passages that you would want me to write for this to start,

Rajiv Menon  29:15  
it is a factor on what how many students and in what grade levels we would expect within the first let's say six months. We want six months worth of content in there. Okay, how I would plan it? Okay, so based on your projection of what that distribution looks like, and the fact that we don't want to have the same question ever asked to the same user again, even so if this gets stuck at the same level and they're not progressing and they do the same level again and again, like what would be a reasonable assumption for you in terms of how long somebody might spend at the same level? Okay, so, and then you got to replicate that for each level that you're working on.

Nicholas Massie  29:59  
And I would say that Rajiv is right. We could make the AI dynamically generate these. But like you said, there's risk there. But that doesn't mean you can't use chat GBT to help you come up with the content, because you'll protect it, right? If it comes up with a story, you can then tweak it, refine it alongside the LM. And I don't know if you've Have you ever used Canvas with chat GBT? You ever heard of Canvas? No, so, so basically, let when you go into chat GBT, you can change the mode. So instead of it just being a pure chat bot back and forth, it will open up a document beside chat GPT, and you can produce that document like in Google Docs or Microsoft Word, and then you can, like, highlight certain sections of the document and say, Hey, can you just tweak these two paragraphs so It's a little more collaborative. I

Morgan Bevell  31:01  
have done that actually, yeah, I didn't know that's what it was called, but yes,

Nicholas Massie  31:05  
gotcha, yeah, yeah. So you can speed up the time. You know, I wouldn't do these all by hand. I would use the LM to help you brainstorm and get those initial set of reading criteria.

Morgan Bevell  31:19  
Okay, perfect. I can do that.

Rajiv Menon  31:27  
Yeah, perfect. Let me just share my screen again. So reading, we talked about that, and then the same thing applies similar concept with snakes and ladders version for reading. Once a square is solved, it doesn't need to be solved again, etc, pretty much the same thing, except that the exercises are different for future features we haven't done. We're not assuming that we're doing any parent reporting right now, or the trend line on progress. Admin reporting is not in scope. Discounts, refunds could be in scope. We'll try to squeeze it into scope, because at the very least, we're going to be able to do it manually. It may not be an automatic feature that you can do in phase one, but we can definitely do it manually by going through stripe, referral program, special code. Also, I'll see if we can squeeze it in. At the moment, we've got 240 hours of Dev, which, this is a very rough estimate, because we haven't gone through all the details yet. You can see nice round numbers here. That's not it's in the ballpark, but we're going to get more detail. We're going to find out exactly what those numbers plan out to we're trying to make sure that we stay within the budget of what 110k looks like. Is when I started this kind of reverse engineered what features we could put in there, and there's other features you asked for that are also not in scope at the moment, trying to keep to the budget here, yeah, but this is not a fixed bid, and we're going to try to be efficient with this. And if you're okay with it, we're going to use some coding tools that help us to generate code quicker, and we're going to use what we can to keep the process really efficient. We have some pretty powerful tools like cursor that we use that enable us to do write code much more efficiently. So the productivity you're gonna get from one developer at this point is more like one and a half developers, because the productivity that we get from the AI assisted code generation, and I wanted to bring that out, because that's an assumption we're making in this case, that you're okay with us using AI assistant code generation for sure? Yeah, I think that's pretty much the high level. The next steps here are you know this all makes sense to you. Then I'll draw the new paperwork for us to move forward, and then we'll kick off the detailed requirements phase. And we'll, by the way, you're free to bring in somebody that you think would be able to help you with the design of the mascot and the UI and everything. We have a couple of recommendations we can make to you as well. And do you know any marketing teams or folks that might be able to help you? Do you want recommendations

Morgan Bevell  34:26  
for that? I'm open to recommendations for sure. Okay,

Rajiv Menon  34:29  
all right, then I'll have

Morgan Bevell  34:32  
a quick question on the math questions. I know the ones we talked about are, like, very text based, like, four times three and things like that, and then multiple choice answers. Would we be able to load in something in this phase like clock, and then say, What time is it? And then the answers are the times, or is that different

Rajiv Menon  34:55  
a clock with the hands right Nick What about the animation for that? You have any questions on how to animate that with JavaScript?

Nicholas Massie  35:06  
No, it can be done. And I think in the world of of AI, it's a lot easier, because what we can do is prototype a bunch of different clocks and see what looks good. Now the AI generated code is typically sloppy. So what do I mean by sloppy code? It's built in a way that isn't scalable. So a lot of times, people are building what they call their vibe coding, and then they get a nice prototype out, but it becomes hard to extend. So I don't see a problem adding in that little bit of complexity going beyond just simple x plus y. Yeah, now we'll have to look at those case by case, of course, but in the example of a clock, it's really not that different. I

Morgan Bevell  35:56  
was just trying to think of like the different types of questions and that was one thing that came up, because I know we're trying to make it very much reusable, right? And so I didn't know if that was straying too far, or if it's just like, if it's pretty much multiple choice, then it's in the same realm. So I was just trying to feel it out there.

Nicholas Massie  36:19  
I would encourage you to get creative, because what I can do is always be your filter. So if you come with an idea, and I know it's going to add a lot of complexity, we'll save it for later. But question you're asking now is the kind of conversations we're going to have in our detailed requirement phase. Okay, you know, Rajiv giving you those nice round numbers. Once we get into the detailed requirements, we'll refine that. And if there's anything in the estimate, if we come up with any new ideas that break estimate, I'm going to let you know right away. And then, like Rajiv said, we'll tackle the harder parts first. And so if maybe that takes us a less time than we thought, or maybe it takes us more time than we thought, well, now you're going to know within a week or project that we're over budget. So we're going to keep a pulse on that budget, even though it's an estimate. You'll get that feedback loop of, how are we doing, you know, on a bi weekly basis. So okay, we, I would say we can get more creative. Like, don't limit it to just the clock, come up with a list of ideas, and then we can categorically go through and look at the difficulty.

Morgan Bevell  37:31  
Okay, perfect. Thank you.

Rajiv Menon  37:37  
I had it on mute, yeah. So to recap, I mean, for our engagement right now, I think we've got the main categories done, right? So we got the math, you got the reading, and looks like we can incorporate the clock. We will then move on now. Now that I've introduced you guys, Nick and Morgan, I'm out next week. By the way, I'm on a cruise with my parents, so I'll be up next week. But yeah, it should be fun. They're visiting from India, so I'll connect you guys, and you're on email. And then Nick, if you want to work on the wireframes with Morgan, that's already part of this phase. It's budgeted to be part of this phase. So if you can start doing the wireframes for the I think mainly we need wireframes for the games. So I would do a sample for the bingo, the snakes and ladders, and we'd want to put some functional requirements around that too, in turn. And this would be just wireframe. So these are not like high definition screens. Morgan, they're not like rich in terms of colors and all that stuff. It's just to demonstrate the idea and the business rules that go with it. And then we'll do that part. That's part of the next phase, right where we get the specialist UX designer. That's a different phase. That's the next phase. So in this phase, we want to finish up this now that we have the high level scope identified, which is great, by the way, this is, I just want to say again, you know, I told nick the same thing, right? I've been working with a bunch of people, and, in fact, I just disengaged with somebody because they were not able to be clear about what their unique value proposition is. They were not able to be clear about what how they're going to go after the market, and we had to disengage, because I can't help them if they're not able to provide us the high quality requirements that we need. And you've just been great on that front. You just knocked it out of the park. We've made progress much faster than I thought we would. So we're actually making excellent progress right now, I was able to get this level of fidelity with you much faster than I usually do. So thank you for that and that. What that means is we can actually begin the project even quicker than expected. I'm engaging Nick now so that he he's jumping in earlier than expected to we can go straight into wireframes and we can go into the functional specification

Morgan Bevell  40:03  
meeting. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. You've been really awesome to work with, too. Thank

Rajiv Menon  40:09  
you. Yeah, it was fun. This is I love this kind of stuff. When you have a clear problem statement and you have clarity from the founder, it's amazing how quickly you can move. So, yeah, this would be fun. I think this will be one of the most interesting projects we worked on in a while. It's a game related thing. It's, it's to help kids on the special needs spectrum. You know, it's just got all the fields, so it should be a lot of fun.

Morgan Bevell  40:37  
I'm excited. You guys are a part of it.

Rajiv Menon  40:39  
Yeah, yeah, we are cool. So I guess I'll connect you guys over email, and hopefully we have some wireframes done next week, and then you have the rough estimate. So in terms of talking to Sean and getting everything that you need to go, get moving on that front, you can start that process. I'll send you this copy as well in the email when I connect you and Nick so you have a copy of the estimate. And then, just once you had the conversation with Sean, let me know. And if you're while you're talking about it, next week, when I come back, if, if you want to go ahead, then I'll work on the so w2 second signal work that will cover the estimate for this. Okay,

Morgan Bevell  41:22  
and so when I talked to Sean, just to be clear, because I know we're trying to budget in an extra like 50k is though, like 110 including that. Or would I want to shoot

Rajiv Menon  41:34  
No, I kept it, the total is going to be somewhere between 150 to 160 ish, so I would keep the remainder of that budget for support. So that's going to be the third so w, so we need good question, but yeah, just to be clear, this is only budgeting from starting development to launch, and then once we do launch, we need the budget that we were talking about, 5060, 50k. Let's say that'll cover us for I would say, if you want to do kind of bring us down to halftime development at that point, that would be about $15,000 is halftime development, approximately. So that would be, let's say, one month of halftime development, and then we can find another engagement there that would basically be like break fix. So we don't do anything, necessarily, until you tell us to fix something, right? So I would say two months of half time development, and then we go down to like a 5k retainer or something. So it's a 1515, 30 plus 24 so that'll give us another four or five months of coverage. So four months of this and six, four or five months of that. So that should get you nine to 10 months overall engagement, and then hopefully at the end of that, as you're you've already launched in, let's say, month five, we've got support for another four months. During that period, you want to be talking to investors, you know, showing them the metrics and raising additional funds. You're not going to get the volume from immediate subscription, because you're brand new to the market. It's going to take a while for you to make that noise. You do want to think about PR as well, so that that's an angle too, I can introduce you to some people at the Orlando Business Journal or something like that. Sean has plenty of connections too that he can feature you in. He can blow it up. Actually, he can blow it up. He might even get blown up before that, because he's been on TV like a two dozen times. So if he can bring some of that spotlight to you, things can go a lot faster, but you got to think about when you pull that trigger, because PR is a tricky game, and if you're when you use that spotlight, and you're not maximizing it in terms of how much you can scale it, and you don't have it fully built out, where a large number of people coming in are immediately impressed. They don't know you. They try the product and they love it. You would want to be further along a little bit, so just be careful when you pull that trigger. But I would definitely look at, you know, in anybody else's situation who didn't have a Sean sepler in their life, I would say, you do want to raise again, but I think that still, you still might want to raise to continue product development and add the features we're talking about with analytics and things like that, additional games. So you do want to think about another, I don't know, 150, 200 after that, if you want to build out to a full fledged product that supports various IEP needs, social skills, comprehension, other things like that. And at that point you would want to go to PR, because then you would be, you know, you'd be, you'd have a full spectrum offering for for a wide range of conditions.

Morgan Bevell  44:53  
So right thinking more like 160 is what I would need, and only 110 would be used for the product, and have that 50 left over. Correct,

Rajiv Menon  45:03  
correct, yes. And you've spent, well, you've already spent 770, 500 on this engagement. So yeah, let's call it 164 through launch. Okay. 110 plus 7500 is about 120 is going to be spent through launch, and then we need another 40k ish for support, 40 to 50k so let's say 161 60 would be a good number for the next eight to nine months. Yeah. Okay,

Morgan Bevell  45:39  
just so that I'm clear. I think I have a call with Sean on Monday or Tuesday, so just to kind of update him, yeah,

Rajiv Menon  45:45  
absolutely. And by the way, this is technically, we've cracked the nut, right? There's nothing super risky here. I think the only other piece that we haven't fully delved into is the mascot and the experience and what the mascot should be doing,

Nicholas Massie  46:01  
but

Rajiv Menon  46:02  
I don't think it's much of a technical risk. It's more of a design like, right, just spending the time to think about design.

Morgan Bevell  46:10  
Okay, perfect. Yeah, awesome.

Rajiv Menon  46:14  
All right. And by the way, that does not include your marketing budget,

Morgan Bevell  46:18  
right? So

Rajiv Menon  46:20  
you definitely want to put another 20, 25k on marketing budget that would bring, I think you should just shoot for 200 if you're looking for the whole budget for a year, okay, and assuming that the year started in May, right? Because we're already a month and a half into it. Yeah, okay,

Morgan Bevell  46:43  
yeah, awesome. I'm excited. Yeah,

Rajiv Menon  46:46  
no, this is actually, I don't know about the competition, so that's a piece that I haven't delved into. I don't know what your competition looks like, but from a point of view of technical feasibility, in terms of engagement, in terms of doing something that's responsive, in terms of applying AI in the right way to generate games, in a way that hasn't been I don't I don't know if anybody's doing generation of games, but that's more of a back end superpower, where you're having less work to do to generate these games. So AI is taking that for you, but in terms of the front end use cases too, having a mascot to talk to that's interactive and can explain the games to you and things like that, I think those features should, should be a good differentiator, but I would definitely encourage you to, before you fully jump in and pull the trigger, make sure you do some competitive research so that you Have a clear path to, as they say, path to victory for your startup when you talk to Sean so that he knows kind of the competitive landscape and how we're differentiating ourselves.

Morgan Bevell  47:51  
Okay, perfect will do?

Rajiv Menon  47:54  
Yeah, this is great. I think I'm happy with where we are. Nick, I'll leave the ball with you. Morgan, I'll send you this. HLE and connect you guys so you can continue on the wireframes next week.

Morgan Bevell  48:06  
Okay, I appreciate it. Awesome.

Rajiv Menon  48:09  
Thanks, Morgan. Thanks. You take care.

Morgan Bevell  48:12  
You too have a good weekend. Yeah,

Nicholas Massie  48:14  
I see you. Nice to meet you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
